The Romapeño is a jalapeño pepper from the gender Diboinus Wildus that grows on the hills of the Parisian suburban city of Gif-sur-Yvette. Without proper handling, it can burn hands, mouths and also lower part of the body. For a long time, it was one of the spiciest pepper in the world. Its high spiciness is due to an extremely difficult maturation at the unripe adolescence stage, rendered difficult by its poor integration with the other peppers, resentment against the world of humans, and a love for hardcore forms of music.
If like me, you’ve tried the Romapeño at the beginning of the 2010s, you may have been completely seduced by the exquisite gustatory experience. Delicious, complex, fun, witty on the palate, but also just too spicy. Second to third degree burns may have subsequently occurred, making you desperately wanting to go for more while knowing you will get burned anyway.
Aware of its spiciness, the Romapeño began a quest for a cook able to handle and lower its spiciness on the island of Taiwan. And finally, one fine day of December 2018, through an application bringing lonely peppers together, Tinderiño, he found her, the perfect chef, Betty.
Betty had a whole set of kitchenware and seasoning to counter the spiciness of the all-too-spicy Romapeño. More than anything, she had an incredible set of culinary skills : soft hands to bring down its burning crimson color to a beautiful softer red, a soothing voice to bring down its spiciness, and incredible listening skills to understand why the Romapeño was so spicy.
Romain and Betty, I think that by now, you understand the metaphor.
When I met Romain 13 years ago, he was a diamond in the rough. Intelligent, passionate, funny, full of a burning energy, but also rough and unpredictable. He also had his secrets and traumas, some I was never able to decipher. The profound brotherly love that I feel for him was at times shaken by miscommunication and rough words from both sides.
This diamond needed to be chiseled, perfected. The pepper needed to be cooked properly.
And then he met you, Betty.
Betty, you are a smart, talented and incredibly patient human being. From the conversations that we had, I know that you are an exceptional listener. And as much as, during random parties, you lend me your ears for my drunken rants about my love life in Korea, I know that you have lent your ears (and pepper cooking skills) to Romain as well. Through love, selflessness and sacrifice, you’ve made him better, more loving of others, but above all, more loving of himself. Thank you for making Romain an even better version of himself. On a side note, I know Romain very well, and he’s madly in love with you.
Romain, we’ve been through so much together. I have so many memories with you in Korea that you became an inherent part of my life and my identity. Sometimes, I look in the mirror and I say to myself, I am, too, a Romapeño, I am a pepper.
Together we drove on the road of a friendship that at times was rocky, but I’m proud and profoundly happy to observe that 13 years later, we’re still here. And today, to celebrate the most beautiful day of your life, I’m doing this speech. Thank you, my dear friend, for your renewed trust and congratulations for your wedding to one of the sweetest, smartest and most open-minded girl I’ve ever met.