Mesdames et messieurs, ladies and gentlemen,

My name is Jason Lo. I am Betty’s father. And this is Sandy, her mother. Today, we gather here to celebrate Betty and Romain’s wedding. I stand before you and my heart is filled with joy and pride. As I see them embark on a journey toward happiness.

Betty is my precious. From the first moment she was with us, our family was filled with laughter, warmth, happiness, and love. She had always been a sweet girl. I’ll tell you a story. One day, when she was little, I took her to a convenience store. I bought her a soft drink for 10 Taiwanese dollars. I took out a one-hundred-dollar bill and gave it to the clerk. He gave me back 90 dollars in coins. Betty grabbed the coins from my hand and dropped them all into the charity box. She was so little she didn’t even know how much 90 dollars was. I never taught her to do that. She did it by her nature. And I was so proud of her.

Later she grew up to be a big girl—kind, loving, compassionate, generous, and pretty as always. I looked at her and I wondered who the luckiest man in the world would be to marry her. Well, the answer is here. Romain, I am sure you know how lucky you are to marry Betty. And Betty, I know you feel the same way too, to marry the best husband in the world. I congratulate you both.

Romain, you’ve not only won my daughter’s heart but the hearts of our entire family. We like you, not because you are tall, but because you are one kind, gentle, wise and considerate big boy. I am joyful as we have not only gained a son-in-law but also a dear friend. For the past some 25 years, I have done my utmost to treasure and protect Betty. And today, I hand her over to you. I trust you will love her and cherish her as much as I do. Welcome to our family.

As to advice, I have no advice for you. My parents didn’t give me any advice. You will learn to support and cherish each other all by yourselves. The only thing I can tell you is that marriage is like a roller coaster ride. It goes up and down. But it is fun. So, enjoy! And don’t fall off!

I want to take a moment to express our deepest appreciation to Dominique and Alain, who have warmly welcomed us into their lives. I sincerely hope that in the near future we could manage a trip when we all go together, with the kids, maybe grandkids too. That would be the most wonderful thing to do.

And now, I ask you all to raise your glasses, let us toast to the happy couple, wishing them a happy and eternal marriage.

Cheers!