“Marriage is solving together the problems you would not have if you were alone.”

I want to tell you the story of how I saw my brother grow into love, from when we were children to this beautiful day.

Let’s start with the world of children.

We grew up always together and we had a fantastic time playing video games, painting figurines and at the skatepark.

I remember long nights playing Magic cards, or listening to the latest episode of comedic shows on the radio, dying of laughter at the antics of Niluge or Naheulbeuck.

Of course, as the oldest of the two, he also bullied me with rubber spiders.

When I had my first heartbreak, I doubted he would ever understand matters of love. I was wrong.

Growing up into adults, I learned a few things about Romain.

I was impressed with his ability to make valuable and durable friendships. Some of his high school friends are here today!

He made friends everywhere he went, always intriguing them with silly stories and his trusted sketch book. I remember that lonely emu, drawn in the middle of the Australian bush. His view on the world sparks interest.

So with matters of love and empathy, he certainly has been doing something right.

Here is what I see today, Betty and Romain are welcoming us into their life. It’s just start, it gets better from here.

The tenets of a good team, in my view, are open communication, trust and perseverance.

Romain and Betty share a common life music, they have persevered through the hardships of distance, cultural adaptation and building a common life in Korea (of all places!)

Betty, especially, has shown curiosity, humour, kindness and a genuine, jovial willingness to engage with the world (and our family!)

With these two, I realized this was love and kinship when they showed us they have built their own little world. We don’t always understand when they share private jokes or when they burst out laughing out of nowhere, but it certainly is a pleasure to behold.

Personally, I believe this is a very good sign for your durable love story.

Through childhood, growing up and seeing them together today, I have learned a lot about my brother’s heart.

Betty, Romain: you are powerful adults, never lose your beautiful inner-child, keep being a team and you will solve any problem in your life and love story.

The winds of change may rock your world, you two will raise the sails and ride them gleefully.

Thank you. 