Romain, we met at judo, when we were only 7 or 8 years old, or a few years later in middle school. Time has flown by!

It must have often felt like "a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away" to you. And yet, here we are at your wedding, just a few kilometers from where we started, and only a few years after those first moments we spent together.

But enough with the clichés. Today, Romain, you've married Betty. And it's Betty that we intend to share some childhood memories of the man she has married. Because there must be some traces left of that not-so-distant Romain!

We propose a somewhat playful format: 4 truths, 1 lie; and probably some advice along the way...

Since adolescence, Romain has been using his drawing talents to captivate his friends' imagination.

The power of imagination... We used to play role-playing games when we were kids. Thomas was the master gamekeeper, but Romain was definitely the one who could help visualize the characters. He already had remarkable graphic talent: I lost the portrait Romain had made of my mad scientist on Tatooine, and it's a big regret for me!

Some memorable evenings were hosted at Romain's parents' house. He wasn't necessarily the most sober; a crate of his little brother's Lego paid the price.

The anecdote is true... but it wasn't Romain who was on the wrong side of the blocks. It was indeed one of our childhood friends, but not your dear master of ceremonies, nor any of your humble servants. Anyway, I promised some advice. If you have a child, remember to wash the Legos! And let them have the house to themselves occasionally: it may entail some risks, it's not necessarily the best for their health, but it makes for fun memories... and it doesn't prevent them from becoming well-balanced adults.

Romain likes sports that aren't really sports.

Romain practiced a... activity... called baseball for a few years. If you ever settle down somewhere and there's space, expect to be throwing a ball around with Romain.

Romain almost had a crush... on my mother.

That's obviously false, but it contains a truth my mother sometimes brings up. It proves that Romain knows how to leave an impression, and also knows how to be charming. You've experienced it, Betty!

It's time to put away the grandparents... Because while we're on the subject of the elderly - Mom, if you're listening... - Romain definitely knows how to handle the elderly; this time targeting Thomas's grandparents!

There was a time when Romain and Thomas were looking for work. Gently. By going for a walk to Mont Saint Michel, probably to benefit from the well-known help of cold water in getting your thoughts straight. It turns out it was also the city of Thomas's grandparents. And the time wasn't very good for the family. After explaining the situation to Romain, he greeted it with words full of wisdom that resonate today on this wedding day: "you know, they've had a good life, and despite all that, look at the bond they share today!".

Romain is undoubtedly someone who has his share of complexity, but what emerges from the memories we've shared here is actually someone simple, kind-hearted, and delightfully quirky. Lucky you, Betty!
