My dearest Romain, or as I usually call you, Shrimpy, 
It feels like yesterday when you got down on one knee in front of the waterfall in Montpellier 2 years ago. My first reaction was, 'Are you sure?' I was just so overwhelmed by joy that I froze because it was a moment I had been secretly wishing for. I remember a rainbow appearing on the waterfall after the proposal as if the universe was smiling down on us.
It wasn’t always smooth sailing in the beginning, because there was literally an ocean between us. When the waters got rough, we held on to each other, knowing it was worth fighting for. 
From the moment I met you, it felt right, like we were meant to be. The spark between us was something different, something undeniable. Sometimes I can be quite indecisive, but to become your wife was the easiest decision I’ve ever made. 
My feelings for you haven’t changed since Day 1, and the butterflies in my stomach, I think they are permanent residents by now. 
A friend once asked me if I believed in soulmates and if I knew you were the one. I did -- whether it was the time you did the surprise visit to Taipei and showed up next to my workplace or the countless little gestures you do, I knew. In those moments, it was as clear as day, like knowing your favorite band. 
I hope everyone gets to experience this kind of love and find the love of their lives, their "one" because it's like discovering the perfect melody in your favorite song—it's endlessly comforting, impossible to forget, it's something you never get tired of and it makes you smile from your heart.
With you, not a single day goes by without laughter.
It’s been over five years together and you still manage to make me giggle like a schoolgirl. 
You've shown me the bliss of feeling cherished and valued, providing me with a sense of safety, respect, and appreciation. You understand me like no one else can – with just one look you know when I’m anxious, and you know exactly how to calm me down. You encourage me to be more brave even when it’s scary… that includes talking on a mic in front of 100 people. 
I love how we find happiness in the little things. We lift each other when one of us is down. Our inside jokes and silly traditions—it's what make us "us".
You’ve always called me your clover because I bring you good luck. As I stand here today, I feel like the luckiest person in the world to call you my husband. I can’t wait to build a family together because I know that you will be an amazing father. 
I vow to continue to serenade you with hugs and post-it notes everyday
I vow never to give you movie spoilers 
I promise you will always have my support 
I promise to be the partner you deserve and never take you for granted
It’s hard to express everything I want to say in a few minutes, but that’s okay, I promise to spend the rest of my life making sure you know how much you are loved every day. 
I can’t imagine a life with anyone else but you, and
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.
I love you.