My sweetest and dearest Ferret, the love of my life,

It feels strange reading these heartfelt words to you, in front of such a big crowd. As I stand here today, ready to call you mine for the rest of times, I feel vulnerable but confident that these vows will shine as evidence of my undying love for you.

Look at us. Who would have believed we made it this far? What started in Taipei 1984 days ago, as we first laid eyes on each other in that home decoration store, has blossomed into a relationship no one could ever dream of. Back then, I was a marriage idealist slowly losing hope of finding the perfect soulmate, and you rekindled that beacon, when you first smiled at me.

Because your presence in my life holds a very special meaning to me. Your unconditional kindness, your ability to understand people and see the good in them, are just a few of your many qualities that inspire me every day, making me want to become a better person, cherish you, and give back as much as you give me. Around you, I feel more compassionate, at peace, and happier than I ever was. You are the reason I want to leave the office early every day, just so I can hold you in my arms and lose myself in your eyes. You are my muse, my guide, my confidant, my guardian angel.

All that said, these vows are not only a serenade to you, Ô Betty, but also my promise and commitment to try and shape a future for us, as husband and wife,  where I can make you feel happy, safe, and, most importantly loved, because you deserve it more than anyone. I can not guarantee you perfection, but I will do my absolute best to always be with you, through the happy times and the ordeals, so we can sail away together, and navigate in the sometimes tumultuous ocean that is Life.

I vow to be your gravity, for you already are my oxygen. I vow to be your warmth in the coldth, your breeze of fresh air during hot summers, the little genie on your shoulder who whispers words of encouragement after a bad day at work, or the Michelin Guide inspector who always gives 3 stars to all your delicious dishes.

As we embark on this new chapter of our journey, I feel excited and hopeful for what lies ahead. I have no doubt that the best is yet to come, and can’t wait to spend the rest of my life together, constantly reinventing ourselves along the way. I look forward to making big plans and enjoying the little things, with someone like you by my side.

Je t’aime.