Good evening everyone.
I can't believe we are all gathered here tonight...after more than 1months of preparation, and trust me it is not THAT long. In this roomthere are people Betty and I have known for over 30 years, and sompeople we met this morning! We have guests from 9 different countries -it reminds us of the waiting room in the Immigration Office in Seoul.
Jokes aside, we are delighted everyone made it to this weddincelebration. We would like to start by saying a big "thank you" to eacand every one of you for your presence and support.
Technically, Betty and I have been married for over 2 years, but wwanted to organize this event to spread the joy with our loved ones analso tell the world that, once again, Love wins.
For anyone who doesn't know the backstory --- it all started as a littltravel romance 5 years ago, and there's been a few bumps on the roaleading us to be here as husband and wife tonight.
In the beginning, she was in Taiwan, and I was in Korea, so for thfirst year, we had to fly to see each other once every few months. Anthen BOOM! Covid...couldn't fly anymore...We even considered developinour own vaccine at some point so we could reunite faster.
Since the travel restrictions didn't show signs of being lifted anytimsoon, Betty took a gamble and moved from Taipei to Seoul...but spenover a year bouncing from one short-term visa to another to stay in thcountry.
So yeah, it was not easy at first. And when you are not sure what thfuture looks like for you and your partner, sometimes it makes you asyourself "*Is all this craziness worth it?*".
The answer is yes. You see, it is a little like assembling an IKEkitchen without instructions: you are confused, you don't have the rightools, you are missing a screw, maybe two, ow no the drawer is upsiddown, you are frustrated, you have no idea what you are doing...but yokeep going no matter what, because you want that kitchen finished befordinner time.
So yeah, here we are...the metaphorical kitchen! But to be honest, whad quite some help putting it together, and we would like to take moment to thank a few people who made a big difference.
Sandy, Jason: Do you like France so far? You came all the way froTaipei to celebrate with us, I can't believe it. Thank you for raising kind and loving daughter like Betty. She brings positivity and happinesinto the life of everyone around her, me the first, and it's all thankto you. I am not only honored to be part of the Lo family but also feeblessed you let me steal her from you! Sharing is caring, right.
Maman, Papa: I counted: we have been on the phone 246 times sincJanuary last year when we started planning this wedding. That's a totaof 2 days and 24s. Thank God for 5G, am I right? Apart from that, yohave been our recon team for the venue, our emotional support hotlineour surrogate wedding planners...and let's not forget all the physicalabor you did for us! Yeah because guess who wrapped a 100 honepots?...those two over there! Thank you so much.
Benoit: You have been part of my life for 13 years now, and you havknown Betty the longest among our guests tonight. I can't believe yoflew from Seoul to be here with us today. Words just can't describwhat it means to us. I love you, man. Less than Betty, but still lovyou.
Adrien: You probably had no idea what was coming for you when yoaccepted to be our MC. The past few weeks must have been quite aadventure for you, with all the planning, phone calls on the traindrafting scripts, etc. Now you are ready to be Google's next CEO! Todawouldn't be today without you. Thank you so, SO much.
Justine: If it wasn't for you, Betty would still be at the dress stortoday, trying to make up her mind between a white dress and...anothewhite dress. Thank you for keeping her (and us!) from going crazy.
I would like to add a special mention for all the amazing peoplbackstage: Gabrielle, Alexandre, Antoine, everybody at Le Cadet, IsaacValentin, Laetitia, Pia & Wesley, who made Betty the prettiest girtonight, Eddy, Alexandra...without all of you, we would be doing this aMcDonald's! Thank you so much.
And wait: how bout everyone else in this room?! Whether you are closfamily members or friends of friends, whether you live 5 minutes walfrom here or 15 hours flight away, your presence here means the world tus. Merci beaucoup.
Now, we just have a few requests for you: be in love, be crazy, anplease PLEASE, help us make the rest of tonight something we will neveforget.
Thank you !